Buddy!
Oh god.
The day is the day.
Already?
Well.
The release of what's bound to be my new favorite show of all time.
I'm glad you're excited.
At first I was nervous they were adapting all 42 books of Mr. Pissed Shard into a two episode
streaming series, but I can't lie.
I'm gonna love anything within the Shard universe.
Even though they're calling it he who's shard.
You know, I've made my piece with that title, JJ.
After all, it's a different medium, and then you know a studio.
That's what.
Oh, I'm good.
Dude, this is important to me.
Oh, I'm gonna watch it.
Just not with you.
You owe me a clear explanation, young man.
We're the same age.
I get that you say that it's a different medium.
You understand that.
You understand the changes have to be made.
I have.
But you are going to become your worst self when you watch it.
Why?
You'll become a demon.
Oh, Mr. Shard would never use a bidet.
Mr. Shard would never wipe.
Well, first off, it's Mr. Pissed who shards.
Second, this is a bidetless universe.
I thought you read the wiki.
What I'm saying is I just want to enjoy the show for what it is.
Me too.
That's not true.
It is true.
Okay, we'll watch it.
Yes, but please be.
Pressing play right now.
So far, this is really faithful.
We've got Mr. Pissed Seniors Rebellion, the Shard Market Collab.
I'm glad that a show can be faithful to mega fans like me while still being entertaining
for General Loddy.
Now that's a twist.
Make sure to subscribe to the man carrying thing you...